[IMP] administration/hosting: Add required information for SaaS uploads (#18339)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/hosting.rst

#. `Create a support ticket <https://www.odoo.com/help-form>`_ including the following:

   - your **subscription number**,
   - the **URL** you want to use for the database (e.g., `company.odoo.com`),
   - the **dump** as an attachment or as a link to the file (required for 60 MB+ files),
   - the **region** you wish to be hosted in,

   .. note::

>       The list of available regions is available in `our privacy policy <https://www.odoo.com/privacy#data-transfer>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     .. note::
        The list of available regions is available in `our privacy policy <https://www.odoo.com/privacy#data-transfer>`_.
```
To align the block with the region bullet point :)

   - the **name** you want for the database,
   - what **version** the database is in,
   - the login (email) of the **administrator** user,

>    - Whether you wish to have a first **test** deployment, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - whether you wish to have a first **test** deployment, and
```
For consistency within the list.

    .. tip::

>         This is strongly recommended, especially if you have ever installed third-party apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     .. tip::
        This is strongly recommended, especially if you have ever installed third-party apps.
```

>    - **when** you will want the production database to be put online (day, time of day, and your timezone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **when** you will want the production database to be put online (day, time of day, and your timezone).
```

#. Odoo then makes sure the database is compatible before putting it online. In case of technical
   issues during the process, Odoo might contact you.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   - your **subscription number**,
   - the **URL** you want to use for the database (e.g., `company.odoo.com`), and

>    - the **dump** as an attachment or as a link to the file (required for 60 MB+ files).

Reviewer: Could you adapt your bullet points to the current bullet list's "format"?
I.e. add a comma (`,`) after each bullet point, then for the penultimate bullet point, also add an _and_ (`, and`), and, for the last bullet point, a period (`.`).

>    - the **region** you wish to be hosted in

Reviewer: I would list the regions within the bullet point here, in between brackets. If you insist on using the link to the data privacy policy page instead, I would move the note directly after _this_ bullet point.

   - the **name** you want for the database
   - what **version** the database is in
   - the login (email) of the **administrator** user

>    - Whether you wish to have a first **test** deployment This is strongly recommended, especially if you ever had third-party apps installed, as it is usually much less challenging (and faster) to fix potential issues before going into production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - whether you wish to have a first **test** deployment,
   
     .. tip::
        This is strongly recommended, especially if you have ever installed third-party apps.

```
It could work as a tip (and the explanation isn't really necessary here IMO)

>    - **when** you will want the production database to be put online. Please provide the day, the time of day, and the reference timezone (we will assume UTC if missing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **when** you will want the production database to be put online (day, time of day, and your timezone).
```

#. Odoo then makes sure the database is compatible before putting it online. In case of technical
   issues during the process, Odoo might contact you.

.. note::

>    The list of available regions is availble in our privacy policy: https://www.odoo.com/privacy#part_8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The list of available regions is available in `our privacy policy <https://www.odoo.com/privacy#data-transfer>`_.
```
